tells crowd beauty Dolby sound are well
Welcome to one more video from my channel
fortunately we are here as mario kart
and 18 as you prefer and I'm here
bringing a more joyous story to
You're already going to the place in this
easter egg years I know well if it's a debut
but it's a very interesting game thing
is another interaction between the games of
nintendo aquino mario kart i consider
5 one as a guinea debut I hope that
You too because I quite liked you.
from what I saw I was very surprised at the
The time I saw him and I took time to
reason to realize when you
See, I think you're going to have the same
impression the same feeling I had and
I'm now documentary coming out of what
You're seeing now I'm going to freeze.
The image you are seeing is basically
a frozen picture of what it is and I found it
What a debut is that I think
it's a debut
there you see the left side of the
part of mario kart 8 with the block and the
plant is the bean plant rising as
track right
and on the right side you are seeing a
classic phase of super mario bros where
had a block that we discovered a
bean feet and up to the clouds
for some bonuses
Good guys, I thought this was very cool.
very cool if you also like this
interaction that nintendo is using
between your own games leaves your
Click on the button I liked that goes
being very helpful with the evaluation
and dissemination of this video here is this
video is staying here it's just this
even for today I hope you
Thank you very much for your support.
of all
Thanks, I went
this video offering nintendo
others
access the link in the description and check